# ECE-3574-Homework-1

Download Here: [ECE-3574 Homework 1](https://codingherolab.com/product/ece-3574-homework-1/)

For Custom/Original Work email codingprolab@gmail.com/whatsapp +1(541)423-7793

Write a birthday reminder application called birthdays. Classes to reuse are QDate, QFile, QString, QStringList, and QTextStream.  Store name/birthday pairs in any format you like, in a file called birthdays.dat.  birthdays without any command line arguments lists all birthdays coming up in the next 30 days.  birthdays -a “yyyy-mm-dd” “John Smith” sets the birthday for “John Smith”.  birthdays -n 40 shows birthdays coming up in the next 40 days.  birthdays shows all birthdays that contain the substring  birthdays -d “John Smith” should delete this entry from the file.  birthdays -d “yyyy-MM-dd” should delete all entries with this birthday from the file.  birthdays -m “John Smith” 40 shows birthdays coming up in the next 40 days from John Smith’s birthday. This includes John Smith’s birthday.  birthdays -u updates records as needed such that all birthday reminders correspond to the person’s next birthday (i.e. changes dates in the past and dates more than 1 year in the future to dates within the following year – exception birthdays on February 29th, which are allowed to be up to four years in the future). If today is 2014 August 21st a birthday for today stays the same where a birthday on 2015 August 21st becomes today.  EXTRA CREDIT: make the previous command, birthdays -u also list what records it updates. This time, a third column should be displayed, showing the time left until the birthday, in this format: 8 months, 3 weeks, 2 days. If any of these numbers is zero, do not display it (eg. 8 months, 2 days). Notes  All output should be in a format similar to a table (in two columns) like this: Name Birthday ==== ======== John Smith

 For any illegal input, you have to raise exceptions and have a global exception handler deal with them. The following situations must be taken into consideration: 1. Invalid dates and months, for example, 2010-11-31 or 2010-14-23. 2. The could be a full name, partial name or even a letter. Digits or other special characters ( except – and ‘ ) are not allowed. 3. For birthdays –m “John Smith” 40, if the exact name is not found, an exception should be raised.  A birthday, B, is “coming up in the next X days” from date Y if Y ≤ B ≤ Y+X. So ./birthdays –n 0 displays all and only birthdays today.  If there are no birthdays in the specified time frame or matching the given , the program should print a message. This is not considered an error, so an exception should not be raised.  When birthdays are selected by date (in the without arguments, -n and -m cases and additionally the -u case if going for extra credit) they should be printed in chronological order. When they are selected by , they should be printed in alphabetic order.  There are never duplicate names. If the -a option is used twice for the same name the program should update the corresponding birthday instead of a adding a new entry.

Grading Grid  Homework 1 has a grading weight of 5 points  Points awarded for each feature are further divided as follows: 1. The code compiles and runs according to specs – 50% 2. Correctness of the code – 50%  Extra credit points will only be awarded for code that runs according to specs. Feature Points QT style programming and indentation 10 birthdays without arguments 10 birthdays -a 10 birthdays -n 8 birthdays 8 birthdays -d 8 birthdays -d 8 birthdays -m 8 birthdays -u 8 Correct output format 6 Correct output order 6 Errors treated correctly 10 Extra credit (no partial credit) 10 Total 110
